README.md, before:

# README

This is our class project for CSCE 431 503. We are _Sapphire on Subways_, and we
are creating this app as a means for the DAS (Dance Art Society) to easily
generate a schedule for their shows after auditions.

Some configurations:

* Ruby version 2.6.3p62

* System dependencies specified in Gemfile

* Configuration:
  - Use `bundle install --without production` at first. Then future builds
    can use `bundle install`.

* Database creation and initialization
  - Run `rake db:setup` and `rake db:migrate` to initialize

* How to run the test suite
  - Run __Cucumber__ from the root folder: `cucumber --guess`
  - Run __RSpec__ from the root folder: `rspec spec/<spec name>` for any spec. To run all specs, simply run `rspec spec/*`

* Deployment instructions: Credit to Dr. Michael Nowak, as these come from his tutorial
  
  `$ nvm i v8` 

  `$ npm install -g heroku`

  Make sure heroku and postgresql are installed:

  `$ heroku`

  `$ sudo yum install postgresql postgresql-server postgresql-devel postgresql-contrib postgresql-docs`

  Make sure everything is installed and login:

  `$ bundle install`

  `$ heroku login` to the project

  `$ git push heroku master`

Commit message:

Added integration tests capabilities for drag and drop. Utilized Selenium headless browser emulator to accomplish this. Look at the README for instructions on how to install the headless chrome browser so that you can use these tests. I used this to create the UpdateSchedule integration tests. It passes.

README.md, after:

# README

This is our class project for CSCE 431 503. We are _Sapphire on Subways_, and we
are creating this app as a means for the DAS (Dance Art Society) to easily
generate a schedule for their shows after auditions.

Some configurations:

* Ruby version 2.6.3p62

* System dependencies specified in Gemfile

* Configuration:
  - Use `bundle install --without production` at first. Then future builds
    can use `bundle install`.

* Database creation and initialization
  - Run `rake db:setup` and `rake db:migrate` to initialize

* How to run the test suite
  - Run __Cucumber__ from the root folder: `cucumber --guess`
		- If you get the following message
      ```
      Unable to find chromedriver. Please download the server from                                                                                                                                            https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/index.html and place it somewhere on your PATH.
      More info at https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/wiki/ChromeDriver.
       (Selenium::WebDriver::Error::WebDriverError)
      ```
	      Follow the instructions here to install ChromeDriver
        https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/wiki/ChromeDriver#quick-installation
  - Run __RSpec__ from the root folder: `rspec spec/<spec name>` for any spec. To run all specs, simply run `rspec spec/*`

* Deployment instructions: Credit to Dr. Michael Nowak, as these come from his tutorial
  
  `$ nvm i v8` 

  `$ npm install -g heroku`

  Make sure heroku and postgresql are installed:

  `$ heroku`

  `$ sudo yum install postgresql postgresql-server postgresql-devel postgresql-contrib postgresql-docs`

  Make sure everything is installed and login:

  `$ bundle install`

  `$ heroku login` to the project

  `$ git push heroku master`
